<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [createFirebaseInstance][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
-   [set][3]
    -   [Parameters][4]
-   [setWithMeta][5]
    -   [Parameters][6]
-   [push][7]
    -   [Parameters][8]
    -   [Examples][9]
-   [pushWithMeta][10]
    -   [Parameters][11]
-   [update][12]
    -   [Parameters][13]
    -   [Examples][14]
-   [updateWithMeta][15]
    -   [Parameters][16]
-   [remove][17]
    -   [Parameters][18]
    -   [Examples][19]
-   [uniqueSet][20]
    -   [Parameters][21]
    -   [Examples][22]
-   [uploadFile][23]
    -   [Parameters][24]
-   [uploadFiles][25]
    -   [Parameters][26]
-   [deleteFile][27]
    -   [Parameters][28]
-   [watchEvent][29]
    -   [Parameters][30]
-   [unWatchEvent][31]
    -   [Parameters][32]
-   [promiseEvents][33]
    -   [Parameters][34]
-   [login][35]
    -   [Parameters][36]
-   [reauthenticate][37]
    -   [Parameters][38]
-   [handleRedirectResult][39]
    -   [Parameters][40]
-   [logout][41]
-   [createUser][42]
    -   [Parameters][43]
-   [resetPassword][44]
    -   [Parameters][45]
-   [confirmPasswordReset][46]
    -   [Parameters][47]
-   [verifyPasswordResetCode][48]
    -   [Parameters][49]
-   [updateProfile][50]
    -   [Parameters][51]
-   [updateAuth][52]
    -   [Parameters][53]
-   [updateEmail][54]
    -   [Parameters][55]
-   [reloadAuth][56]
-   [linkWithCredential][57]
    -   [Parameters][58]
-   [actionCreators][59]
    -   [Parameters][60]
-   [actionCreators][61]
-   [ref][62]
-   [database][63]
-   [storage][64]
-   [auth][65]
-   [getFirebase][66]
    -   [Examples][67]

## createFirebaseInstance

Create an extended firebase instance that has methods attached
which dispatch redux actions.

### Parameters

-   `firebase` **[object][68]** Firebase instance which to extend
-   `configs` **[object][68]** Configuration object
-   `dispatch` **[Function][69]** Action dispatch function

Returns **[object][68]** Extended Firebase instance

## set

    import React, { Component } from 'react'
    import PropTypes from 'prop-types'
    import { firebaseConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'
    function Example({ firebase: { set } }) {
      return (
        &lt;button onClick={() => set('some/path', { here: 'is a value' })}>
        Set To Firebase
        </button>
      )
    }
    export default firebaseConnect()(Example)**

Sets data to Firebase.

### Parameters

-   `path` **[string][71]** Path to location on Firebase which to set
-   `value` **([object][68] \| [string][71] \| [boolean][72] \| [number][73])** Value to write to Firebase
-   `onComplete` **[Function][69]** Function to run on complete (`not required`)

Returns **[Promise][74]** Containing reference snapshot

## setWithMeta


Sets data to Firebase along with meta data. Currently,
this includes createdAt and createdBy. _Warning_ using this function
may have unintented consequences (setting createdAt even if data already
exists).

### Parameters

-   `path` **[string][71]** Path to location on Firebase which to set
-   `value` **([object][68] \| [string][71] \| [boolean][72] \| [number][73])** Value to write to Firebase
-   `onComplete` **[Function][69]** Function to run on complete (`not required`)

Returns **[Promise][74]** Containing reference snapshot

## push


Pushes data to Firebase.

### Parameters

-   `path` **[string][71]** Path to location on Firebase which to push
-   `value` **([object][68] \| [string][71] \| [boolean][72] \| [number][73])** Value to push to Firebase
-   `onComplete` **[Function][69]** Function to run on complete (`not required`)

### Examples

_Basic_

```javascript
import React from 'react'
import PropTypes from 'prop-types'
import { firebaseConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'

function Example({ firebase: { push } }) {
  return (
    <button onClick={() => push('some/path', true)}>
      Push To Firebase
    </button>
  )
}
export default firebaseConnect()(Example)
```

Returns **[Promise][74]** Containing reference snapshot

## pushWithMeta


Pushes data to Firebase along with meta data. Currently,
this includes createdAt and createdBy.

### Parameters

-   `path` **[string][71]** Path to location on Firebase which to set
-   `value` **([object][68] \| [string][71] \| [boolean][72] \| [number][73])** Value to write to Firebase
-   `onComplete` **[Function][69]** Function to run on complete (`not required`)

Returns **[Promise][74]** Containing reference snapshot

## update

Updates data on Firebase and sends new data. More info
available in [the docs][75].

### Parameters

-   `path` **[string][71]** Path to location on Firebase which to update
-   `value` **([object][68] \| [string][71] \| [boolean][72] \| [number][73])** Value to update to Firebase
-   `onComplete` **[Function][69]** Function to run on complete (`not required`)

### Examples

_Basic_

```javascript
import React from 'react'
import PropTypes from 'prop-types'
import { firebaseConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'

function Example({ firebase: { update } }) {
  function updateData() {
    update('some/path', { here: 'is a value' })
  }
}
  return (
    <button onClick={updateData}>
      Update To Firebase
    </button>
  )
}
export default firebaseConnect()(Example)
```

Returns **[Promise][74]** Containing reference snapshot

## updateWithMeta


Updates data on Firebase along with meta. _Warning_
using this function may have unintented consequences (setting
createdAt even if data already exists).

### Parameters

-   `path` **[string][71]** Path to location on Firebase which to update
-   `value` **([object][68] \| [string][71] \| [boolean][72] \| [number][73])** Value to update to Firebase
-   `onComplete` **[Function][69]** Function to run on complete (`not required`)

Returns **[Promise][74]** Containing reference snapshot

## remove


Removes data from Firebase at a given path. **NOTE** A
seperate action is not dispatched unless `dispatchRemoveAction: true` is
provided to config on store creation. That means that a listener must
be attached in order for state to be updated when calling remove.

### Parameters

-   `path` **[string][71]** Path to location on Firebase which to remove
-   `onComplete` **[Function][69]** Function to run on complete (`not required`)
-   `options` **[Function][69]** Options object

### Examples

_Basic_

```javascript
import React from 'react'
import PropTypes from 'prop-types'
import { firebaseConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'

function Example({ firebase: { remove } }) {
  return (
    <button onClick={() => remove('some/path')}>
      Remove From Firebase
    </button>
  )
}
export default firebaseConnect()(Example)
```

Returns **[Promise][74]** Containing reference snapshot

## uniqueSet


Sets data to Firebase only if the path does not already
exist, otherwise it rejects. Internally uses a Firebase transaction to
prevent a race condition between seperate clients calling uniqueSet.

### Parameters

-   `path` **[string][71]** Path to location on Firebase which to set
-   `value` **([object][68] \| [string][71] \| [boolean][72] \| [number][73])** Value to write to Firebase
-   `onComplete` **[Function][69]** Function to run on complete (`not required`)

### Examples

_Basic_

```javascript
import React, { Component } from 'react'
import PropTypes from 'prop-types'
import { firebaseConnect } from 'react-redux-firebase'

function Example({ firebase: { uniqueSet } }) {
  return (
    <button onClick={() => uniqueSet('some/unique/path', true)}>
      Unique Set To Firebase
    </button>
  )
}
export default firebaseConnect()(Example)
```

Returns **[Promise][74]** Containing reference snapshot

## uploadFile


Upload a file to Firebase Storage with the option to store
its metadata in Firebase Database. More info available
in [the docs][82].

### Parameters

-   `path` **[string][71]** Path to location on Firebase which to set
-   `file` **File** File object to upload (usually first element from
    array output of select-file or a drag/drop `onDrop`)
-   `dbPath` **[string][71]** Database path to place uploaded file metadata
-   `options` **[object][68]** Options
    -   `options.name` **[string][71]** Name of the file
    -   `options.metdata` **[object][68]** Metadata for the file (passed as second
        argument to storage.put calls)

Returns **[Promise][74]** Containing the File object

## uploadFiles


Upload multiple files to Firebase Storage with the option
to store their metadata in Firebase Database.

### Parameters

-   `path` **[string][71]** Path to location on Firebase which to set
-   `files` **[Array][84]** Array of File objects to upload (usually from
    a select-file or a drag/drop `onDrop`)
-   `dbPath` **[string][71]** Database path to place uploaded files metadata.
-   `options` **[object][68]** Options
    -   `options.name` **[string][71]** Name of the file

Returns **[Promise][74]** Containing an array of File objects

## deleteFile


Delete a file from Firebase Storage with the option to
remove its metadata in Firebase Database.

### Parameters

-   `path` **[string][71]** Path to location on Firebase which to set
-   `dbPath` **[string][71]** Database path to place uploaded file metadata

Returns **[Promise][74]** Containing the File object

## watchEvent


Watch event. **Note:** this method is used internally
so examples have not yet been created, and it may not work as expected.

### Parameters

-   `type` **[string][71]** Type of watch event
-   `path` **[string][71]** Path to location on Firebase which to set listener
-   `storeAs` **[string][71]** Name of listener results within redux store
-   `options` **[object][68]** Event options object (optional, default `{}`)
    -   `options.queryParams` **[Array][84]** List of parameters for the query
    -   `options.queryId` **[string][71]** id of the query

Returns **([Promise][74] | void)** Results of calling watch event

## unWatchEvent


Unset a listener watch event. **Note:** this method is used
internally so examples have not yet been created, and it may not work
as expected.

### Parameters

-   `type` **[string][71]** Type of watch event
-   `path` **[string][71]** Path to location on Firebase which to unset listener
-   `queryId` **[string][71]** Id of the listener
-   `options` **[object][68]** Event options object (optional, default `{}`)

Returns **void** 

## promiseEvents

Similar to the firebaseConnect Higher Order Component but
presented as a function (not a React Component). Useful for populating
your redux state without React, e.g., for server side rendering. Only
`once` type should be used as other query types such as `value` do not
return a Promise.

### Parameters

-   `watchArray` **[Array][84]** Array of objects or strings for paths to sync
    from Firebase. Can also be a function that returns the array. The function
    is passed the props object specified as the next parameter.
-   `options` **[object][68]** The options object that you would like to pass to
    your watchArray generating function.

Returns **[Promise][74]** Resolves with an array of watchEvent results

## login


Logs user into Firebase. For examples, visit the
[auth section of the docs][90] or the
[auth recipes section][91].

### Parameters

-   `credentials` **[object][68]** Credentials for authenticating
    -   `credentials.provider` **[string][71]** External provider (google |
        facebook | twitter)
    -   `credentials.type` **[string][71]** Type of external authentication
        (popup | redirect) (only used with provider)
    -   `credentials.email` **[string][71]** Credentials for authenticating
    -   `credentials.password` **[string][71]** Credentials for authenticating (only used with email)

Returns **[Promise][74]** Containing user's auth data

## reauthenticate


Reauthenticate user into Firebase. For examples, visit the
[auth section of the docs][90] or the
[auth recipes section][91].

### Parameters

-   `credentials` **[object][68]** Credentials for authenticating
    -   `credentials.provider` **[string][71]** External provider (google |
        facebook | twitter)
    -   `credentials.type` **[string][71]** Type of external authentication
        (popup | redirect) (only used with provider)

Returns **[Promise][74]** Containing user's auth data

## handleRedirectResult

Logs user into Firebase using external. For examples, visit the
[auth section][92]

### Parameters

-   `authData` **[object][68]** Auth data from Firebase's getRedirectResult

Returns **[Promise][74]** Containing user's profile

## logout


Logs user out of Firebase and empties firebase state from
redux store

Returns **[Promise][74]** Resolves after logout is complete

## createUser


Creates a new user in Firebase authentication. If
`userProfile` config option is set, user profiles will be set to this
location.

### Parameters

-   `credentials` **[object][68]** Credentials for authenticating
    -   `credentials.email` **[string][71]** Credentials for authenticating
    -   `credentials.password` **[string][71]** Credentials for authenticating (only used with email)
-   `profile` **[object][68]** Data to include within new user profile

Returns **[Promise][74]** Containing user's auth data

## resetPassword


Sends password reset email

### Parameters

-   `email` **[string][71]** Email to send recovery email to

Returns **[Promise][74]** Resolves after password reset email is sent

## confirmPasswordReset


Confirm that a user's password has been reset

### Parameters

-   `code` **[string][71]** Password reset code to verify
-   `password` **[string][71]** New Password to confirm reset to

Returns **[Promise][74]** Resolves after password reset is confirmed

## verifyPasswordResetCode


Verify that a password reset code from a password reset
email is valid

### Parameters

-   `code` **[string][71]** Password reset code to verify

Returns **[Promise][74]** Containing user auth info

## updateProfile


Update user profile on Firebase Real Time Database or
Firestore (if `useFirestoreForProfile: true` config included).
Real Time Database update uses `update` method internally while
updating profile on Firestore uses `set`.

### Parameters

-   `profileUpdate` **[object][68]** Profile data to place in new profile
-   `options` **[object][68]** Options object (used to change how profile
    update occurs)
    -   `options.useSet` **[boolean][72]** Use set with merge instead of
        update. Setting to `false` uses update (can cause issue of profile document
        does not exist). Note: Only used when updating profile on Firestore (optional, default `true`)
    -   `options.merge` **[boolean][72]** Whether or not to use merge when
        setting profile. Note: Only used when updating profile on Firestore (optional, default `true`)

Returns **[Promise][74]** Returns after updating profile within database

## updateAuth


Update Auth profile object

### Parameters

-   `authUpdate` **[object][68]** Update to be auth object
-   `updateInProfile` **[boolean][72]** Update in profile

Returns **[Promise][74]** Returns after updating auth profile

## updateEmail


Update user's email

### Parameters

-   `newEmail` **[string][71]** Update to be auth object
-   `updateInProfile` **[boolean][72]** Update in profile

Returns **[Promise][74]** Resolves after email is updated in user's auth

## reloadAuth


Reload user's auth object. Must be authenticated.

Returns **[Promise][74]** Resolves after reloading firebase auth

## linkWithCredential


Links the user account with the given credentials.

### Parameters

-   `credential` **firebase.auth.AuthCredential** The auth credential

Returns **[Promise][74]** Resolves after linking auth with a credential

## actionCreators


### Parameters

-   `credential` **firebase.auth.ConfirmationResult** The auth credential

Returns **[Promise][74]** 

## actionCreators

## ref

Firebase ref function

Returns **firebase.database.Reference** 

## database

Firebase database service instance including all Firebase storage methods

Returns **firebase.database.Database** Firebase database service

## storage

Firebase storage service instance including all Firebase storage methods

Returns **firebase.database.Storage** Firebase storage service

## auth

Firebase auth service instance including all Firebase auth methods

Returns **firebase.database.Auth** 

## getFirebase


Get internal Firebase instance with methods which are wrapped with action dispatches. Useful for
integrations into external libraries such as redux-thunk and redux-observable.

### Examples

_redux-thunk integration_

```javascript
import { applyMiddleware, compose, createStore } from 'redux';
import thunk from 'redux-thunk';
import { getFirebase } from 'react-redux-firebase';
import makeRootReducer from './reducers';

const fbConfig = {} // your firebase config

const store = createStore(
  makeRootReducer(),
  initialState,
  compose(
    applyMiddleware([
      // Pass getFirebase function as extra argument
      thunk.withExtraArgument(getFirebase)
    ])
  )
);
// then later
export function addTodo(newTodo) {
  return (dispatch, getState, getFirebase) => {
    const firebase = getFirebase()
    firebase
      .push('todos', newTodo)
      .then(() => {
        dispatch({ type: 'SOME_ACTION' })
      })
  }
}
```

Returns **[object][68]** Firebase instance with methods which dispatch redux actions

[1]: #createfirebaseinstance

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #set

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #setwithmeta

[6]: #parameters-2

[7]: #push

[8]: #parameters-3

[9]: #examples

[10]: #pushwithmeta

[11]: #parameters-4

[12]: #update

[13]: #parameters-5

[14]: #examples-1

[15]: #updatewithmeta

[16]: #parameters-6

[17]: #remove

[18]: #parameters-7

[19]: #examples-2

[20]: #uniqueset

[21]: #parameters-8

[22]: #examples-3

[23]: #uploadfile

[24]: #parameters-9

[25]: #uploadfiles

[26]: #parameters-10

[27]: #deletefile

[28]: #parameters-11

[29]: #watchevent

[30]: #parameters-12

[31]: #unwatchevent

[32]: #parameters-13

[33]: #promiseevents

[34]: #parameters-14

[35]: #login

[36]: #parameters-15

[37]: #reauthenticate

[38]: #parameters-16

[39]: #handleredirectresult

[40]: #parameters-17

[41]: #logout

[42]: #createuser

[43]: #parameters-18

[44]: #resetpassword

[45]: #parameters-19

[46]: #confirmpasswordreset

[47]: #parameters-20

[48]: #verifypasswordresetcode

[49]: #parameters-21

[50]: #updateprofile

[51]: #parameters-22

[52]: #updateauth

[53]: #parameters-23

[54]: #updateemail

[55]: #parameters-24

[56]: #reloadauth

[57]: #linkwithcredential

[58]: #parameters-25

[59]: #actioncreators

[60]: #parameters-26

[61]: #actioncreators-1

[62]: #ref

[63]: #database

[64]: #storage

[65]: #auth

[66]: #getfirebase

[67]: #examples-4

[68]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[69]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[70]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#set

[71]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[72]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[73]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[74]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

[75]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#update

[76]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#push

[77]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#pushwithmeta

[78]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#updatewithmeta

[79]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#remove

[80]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#uniqueset

[81]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#uploadfile

[82]: <>

[83]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#uploadfiles

[84]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[85]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#deletefile

[86]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#watchevent

[87]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#unwatchevent

[88]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/auth.html#logincredentials

[89]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#login

[90]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/auth.html

[91]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/recipes/auth.html

[92]: /docs/recipes/auth.md

[93]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/auth.html#logout

[94]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/auth.html#createuser

[95]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#resetpassword

[96]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#confirmpasswordreset

[97]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#verifypasswordreset

[98]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#updateprofile

[99]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#updateauth

[100]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#updateemail

[101]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#reloadauth

[102]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#linkwithcredential

[103]: https://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/firebaseInstance.html#signinwithphonenumber

[104]: http://react-redux-firebase.com/api/getFirebase.html
